README.md, before:

# cordova-plugin-firebaseui-auth
A FirebaseUI Auth plugin to enable easy authentication using a number of different providers.

# What is FirebaseUI?
From the documentation (https://opensource.google.com/projects/firebaseui):

> A UI library for Firebase, including binding for the realtime database, authentication and storage.

# Supported platforms
This plugin supports the following platforms:

- Android
- iOS
- Browser

# Support providers
The following providers are currently supported:

- Google
- Facebook
- Email

Follow the instructions for each of the platforms and providers you wish you use in order to add firebase to your app:

- https://firebase.google.com/docs/android/setup?authuser=0#manually_add_firebase
- https://firebase.google.com/docs/ios/setup?authuser=0#manually_add_firebase
- https://developers.facebook.com/

# Installation

```
cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-firebaseui-auth --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_CORE_VERSION=16.0.0
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_AUTH_VERSION=16.0.1
    --variable ANDROID_PLAY_SERVICES_AUTH_VERSION=15.0.1
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASEUI_VERSION=3.3.1
    --variable ANDROID_FACEBOOK_SDK_VERSION=4.31.0
    --variable FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID=12345678
    --variable FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME="My application"
    --variable REVERSED_CLIENT_ID="com.googleusercontent.apps.9999999999-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    --variable COLOR_PRIMARY="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_DARK_PRIMARY="#555555"
    --variable COLOR_LIGHT_PRIMARY="#aaaaaa"
    --variable COLOR_ACCENT="#7C4DFF"
    --variable COLOR_SECONDARY="#FFC107"
    --variable COLOR_CONTROL="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_BACKGROUND="#000000"
```

or

```
phonegap plugin add cordova-plugin-firebaseui-auth  --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_CORE_VERSION=16.0.0
    --variable ANDROID_PLAY_SERVICES_AUTH_VERSION=16.0.1
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_AUTH_VERSION=15.1.0
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASEUI_VERSION=3.3.1
    --variable ANDROID_FACEBOOK_SDK_VERSION=4.31.0
    --variable FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID=12345678
    --variable FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME="My application"
    --variable REVERSED_CLIENT_ID="com.googleusercontent.apps.9999999999-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    --variable COLOR_PRIMARY="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_DARK_PRIMARY="#555555"
    --variable COLOR_LIGHT_PRIMARY="#aaaaaa"
    --variable COLOR_ACCENT="#7C4DFF"
    --variable COLOR_SECONDARY="#FFC107"
    --variable COLOR_CONTROL="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_BACKGROUND="#000000"
```

Any variables that are not supplied will use default values. For credential based variables (FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID, REVERSED_CLIENT_ID and REVERSED_CLIENT_ID) this will result in the provider not working until you supply real values.

Not all variables are relevant to all providers:

- ANDROID_FIREBASE_CORE_VERSION: the version of Firebase Core to use
- ANDROID_FIREBASE_AUTH_VERSION: the version of Firebase Authentication to use
- ANDROID_PLAY_SERVICES_AUTH_VERSION: the version of Play Services Account Login to use
- ANDROID_FIREBASEUI_VERSION: the version of Firebase UI to use
- ANDROID_FACEBOOK_SDK_VERSION: the version of the Facebook SDK to use
- FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID: Facebook only - the application id if your application
- FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME: Facebook only - the display name of your application - only used by iOS
- REVERSED_CLIENT_ID: Google only - the reversed client Id which can be found in your GoogleService-Info.plist file - only used by iOS
- COLOR_PRIMARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_DARK_PRIMARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_LIGHT_PRIMARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_ACCENT: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_SECONDARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_CONTROL: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_BACKGROUND: Used to style the UI - only used by Android

## Firebase configuration
### Android
You must ensure that `google-services.json` is put in the correct location. This can be achieved using the following in your `config.xml`:

```
<platform name="android">
    <resource-file src="google-services.json" target="google-services.json" />
</platform>
```

#### MainActivity
In order for FirebaseUI to work on Android the default Cordova MainActivity needs to be replaced with a class that inherits from a FragmentActivity.

This plugin therefore depends on the `cordova-plugin-android-fragmentactivity` plugin to enable this.

### iOS
iOS requires `GoogleService-Info.plist` is put in the correct location. Similarly this can be done as follws:
```
<platform name="ios">
    <resource-file src="GoogleService-Info.plist" />
</platform>
```

#### Keychain Sharing Capability
If using multiple Firebase plugins it may be necessary to enable this.

## Dependencies
### Promises
This plugin uses Promises. If you want to use this with Android 4.4 then you will need to include a Promise polyfill.

# Getting started
This guide will assume familiarity with Firebase and FirebaseUI.

Create a new FirebaseAuthUI instance:

```
   FirebaseUIAuth.initialise({
      "providers": ["GOOGLE", "FACEBOOK", "EMAIL"],
      "tosUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/terms.html",
      "privacyPolicyUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/privacy.html",
      "theme" : "themeName",
      "logo" : "logoName",
      "uiElement" : "mywebelement",
      "anonymous" : true|false,
      "smartLockEnabled" : true|false,
      "smartLockHints" : true|false
    }).then(function(firebaseUIAuth) {
      myfirebaseUIAuthInstance = firebaseUIAuth;
    });
```

This is initialised as a Promise to allow the Browser implementation to dynamically add a reference to the FirestoreUI Javascript SDK.

Not all of the above options will function on all platforms:

- providers: a list of authentication providers to use
- tosUrl: a terms of services URL when signing up via email
- privacyPolicyUrl: a privacy policy URL - Android only
- theme: a theme identifier for styling - Android only
- logo: a logo to display - Android only
- uiElement: a jQuery selector for web login - Web only
- anonymous : if true log in an anonymous user if other attempts fail (default false)
- smartLockEnabled : enable SmartLock to store credentials - Android only (default true)
- smartLockHints : enable SmartLock hints - Android only (default false)

## Browser configuration
In order for the above initialisation to work on a browser you need to include some extra configuration in the form of the `browser` section show below:

```
FirebaseUIAuth.initialise({
   "providers": ["GOOGLE", "FACEBOOK", "EMAIL", "ANONYMOUS"],
   "tosUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/terms.html",
   "privacyPolicyUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/privacy.html",
   "theme" : "themeName",
   "logo" : "logoName",
   "uiElement" : "mywebelement",
   "anonymous" : true|false,
   "smartLockEnabled" : true|false,
   "smartLockHints" : true|false,
   "browser" : {
     apiKey: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx',
     authDomain: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx.firebaseapp.com',
     projectId: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxx',
   }
 }).then(function(firebaseUIAuth) {
   myfirebaseUIAuthInstance = firebaseUIAuth;
 });
```

# Methods
## signInAnonymously()
Call this to sign in anonymously.

## signIn()
Call this to start the sign in process based on the above configuration. This can raise the following events:

### signinsuccess
The user has signed in successfully. The following data is returned:

```
{
  name: 'user display name',
  email: 'user email',
  emailVerified: true | false,
  photoUrl: 'url of user image if available',
  id: <user id>,
  newUser: true | false
}
```

### signinfailure
Sign in failed for some reason. The following is returned:

```
{
  code: <failure code>,
  message: 'failure message'
}
```

## signinaborted
Sign in has been aborted by the user, by closing the sign in window.

## signOut()
Sign the current user out of the application. This can raise the following events:

### signoutsuccess
The user has signed out successfully.

### signoutfailure
Sign out failed for some reason.

## getToken()
Get an access token, returning a Promise.

## getCurrentUser()
Get the currently signed in user.

## deleteUser()
Delete the current user. This can raise the following events:

### deleteusersuccess
The user was deleted successfully.

### deleteuserfailure
The user was not deleted.

## sendEmailVerification()
Sends a verification email for the current user. This can raise the following events:

### emailverificationsent
The email verification was sent.

### emailverificationnotsent
The email verification was not sent.

## reloadUser
Reloads user details. Useful after a verification link has been used. A signinsuccess event will be raised.

# What platform configuration is carried out?
For iOS and Android a number of platform files are added or updated based on the supplied configuration.

## Android

`res/values/strings.xml`
This has the following added:

- facebook_application_id
- facebook_login_protocol_scheme

`res/values/color.xml`
This is either created or updated with the colour definitions supplied.

`res/values/styles.xml`
This is either created or updated with a style that uses the above colour definitions.

## iOS

`*-Info.plist`

The following keys are added:

```
<key>CFBundleURLTypes</key>
<array>
  <dict>
    <key>CFBundleTypeRole</key>
    <string>Editor</string>
    <key>CFBundleURLName</key>
    <string>REVERSED_CLIENT_ID</string>
    <key>CFBundleURLSchemes</key>
    <array>
      <string>$REVERSED_CLIENT_ID</string>
    </array>
    <key>CFBundleTypeRole</key>
    <string>Editor</string>
    <key>CFBundleURLName</key>
    <string></string>
    <key>CFBundleURLSchemes</key>
    <array>
      <string>fb$FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID</string>
    </array>
  </dict>
</array>
<key>FacebookAppID</key>
<string>$FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID</string>
<key>FacebookDisplayName</key>
<string>$FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME</string>
<key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
<array>
  <string>fbapi</string>
  <string>fb-messenger-api</string>
  <string>fbauth2</string>
  <string>fbshareextensions</string>
</array>
```

# Browser security
In order to ensure the browser implementation works, it will be necessary to configure the Content-Security-Policy meta tag with something similar to the following:

```
<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'self' gap://ready file://* *;
                  style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'
                        https://*.gstatic.com
                        https://*.googleapis.com
                        https://*.firebase.com
                        https://*.firebaseio.com;
                  script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval'
                        https://*.gstatic.com
                        https://*.googleapis.com
                        https://*.google.com
                        https://*.firebase.com
                        https://*.firebaseio.com">
```

# History
## 1.2.0
- Add getCurrentUser()

## 1.1.0
- Update Firebase dependencies
- Fix podspec for cordova-ios 5

## 1.0.2
- Major Android dependency update to 4.2.1
- Breaking change around meaning of 'anonymous' configuration option
- Add support for ANONYMOUS provider (on Android)
- Attempted to handle merging of anonymous users
- Allowed iOS pods to use latest
- Android logo disabled due to possible bug in FirebaseUI

## 0.0.10
- Update JS Firebase dependencies

## 0.0.9
- Added missing documentation for deleteUser() method
- Added sendEmailVerification() method
- Added reloadUser() method
- Added property newUser to user details. Only true when user us first created.

## 0.0.8
- Update Android dependency versions
- Update iOS dependency versions
- Update plugin dependencies
- WARNING: The Android update may require you to update com.google.gms:google-services to 4.0.0, com.android.tools.build:gradle to 3.1.2 and gradle to 4.4.4 (look in platforms/android/cordova/lib/builders/GradleBuilder.js)

## 0.0.7
- Fix stupid cordova-android 7 detection

## 0.0.6
- Improve logging

## 0.0.5
- Change logo to be drawable rather than mipmap for Android
- Remove leaked (and now deleted) client id

## 0.0.4
- Experimental support for cordova-android 7
- Increased dependency versions

## 0.0.3
- Remove Java 7 dependency

## 0.0.2
- Update README
- Add grunt to run jshint
- Fix some grunt warnings

## 0.0.1
- Initial release

Commit message:

Disable Google auth for iOS 10 and earlier

README.md, after:

# cordova-plugin-firebaseui-auth
A FirebaseUI Auth plugin to enable easy authentication using a number of different providers.

# What is FirebaseUI?
From the documentation (https://opensource.google.com/projects/firebaseui):

> A UI library for Firebase, including binding for the realtime database, authentication and storage.

# Supported platforms
This plugin supports the following platforms:

- Android
- iOS
- Browser

# Support providers
The following providers are currently supported:

- Google
- Facebook
- Email

Follow the instructions for each of the platforms and providers you wish you use in order to add firebase to your app:

- https://firebase.google.com/docs/android/setup?authuser=0#manually_add_firebase
- https://firebase.google.com/docs/ios/setup?authuser=0#manually_add_firebase
- https://developers.facebook.com/

# Installation

```
cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-firebaseui-auth --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_CORE_VERSION=16.0.0
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_AUTH_VERSION=16.0.1
    --variable ANDROID_PLAY_SERVICES_AUTH_VERSION=15.0.1
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASEUI_VERSION=3.3.1
    --variable ANDROID_FACEBOOK_SDK_VERSION=4.31.0
    --variable FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID=12345678
    --variable FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME="My application"
    --variable REVERSED_CLIENT_ID="com.googleusercontent.apps.9999999999-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    --variable COLOR_PRIMARY="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_DARK_PRIMARY="#555555"
    --variable COLOR_LIGHT_PRIMARY="#aaaaaa"
    --variable COLOR_ACCENT="#7C4DFF"
    --variable COLOR_SECONDARY="#FFC107"
    --variable COLOR_CONTROL="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_BACKGROUND="#000000"
```

or

```
phonegap plugin add cordova-plugin-firebaseui-auth  --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_CORE_VERSION=16.0.0
    --variable ANDROID_PLAY_SERVICES_AUTH_VERSION=16.0.1
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASE_AUTH_VERSION=15.1.0
    --variable ANDROID_FIREBASEUI_VERSION=3.3.1
    --variable ANDROID_FACEBOOK_SDK_VERSION=4.31.0
    --variable FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID=12345678
    --variable FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME="My application"
    --variable REVERSED_CLIENT_ID="com.googleusercontent.apps.9999999999-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    --variable COLOR_PRIMARY="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_DARK_PRIMARY="#555555"
    --variable COLOR_LIGHT_PRIMARY="#aaaaaa"
    --variable COLOR_ACCENT="#7C4DFF"
    --variable COLOR_SECONDARY="#FFC107"
    --variable COLOR_CONTROL="#ffffff"
    --variable COLOR_BACKGROUND="#000000"
```

Any variables that are not supplied will use default values. For credential based variables (FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID, REVERSED_CLIENT_ID and REVERSED_CLIENT_ID) this will result in the provider not working until you supply real values.

Not all variables are relevant to all providers:

- ANDROID_FIREBASE_CORE_VERSION: the version of Firebase Core to use
- ANDROID_FIREBASE_AUTH_VERSION: the version of Firebase Authentication to use
- ANDROID_PLAY_SERVICES_AUTH_VERSION: the version of Play Services Account Login to use
- ANDROID_FIREBASEUI_VERSION: the version of Firebase UI to use
- ANDROID_FACEBOOK_SDK_VERSION: the version of the Facebook SDK to use
- FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID: Facebook only - the application id if your application
- FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME: Facebook only - the display name of your application - only used by iOS
- REVERSED_CLIENT_ID: Google only - the reversed client Id which can be found in your GoogleService-Info.plist file - only used by iOS
- COLOR_PRIMARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_DARK_PRIMARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_LIGHT_PRIMARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_ACCENT: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_SECONDARY: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_CONTROL: Used to style the UI - only used by Android
- COLOR_BACKGROUND: Used to style the UI - only used by Android

## Firebase configuration
### Android
You must ensure that `google-services.json` is put in the correct location. This can be achieved using the following in your `config.xml`:

```
<platform name="android">
    <resource-file src="google-services.json" target="google-services.json" />
</platform>
```

#### MainActivity
In order for FirebaseUI to work on Android the default Cordova MainActivity needs to be replaced with a class that inherits from a FragmentActivity.

This plugin therefore depends on the `cordova-plugin-android-fragmentactivity` plugin to enable this.

### iOS
iOS requires `GoogleService-Info.plist` is put in the correct location. Similarly this can be done as follws:
```
<platform name="ios">
    <resource-file src="GoogleService-Info.plist" />
</platform>
```

#### Keychain Sharing Capability
If using multiple Firebase plugins it may be necessary to enable this.

## Dependencies
### Promises
This plugin uses Promises. If you want to use this with Android 4.4 then you will need to include a Promise polyfill.

# Getting started
This guide will assume familiarity with Firebase and FirebaseUI.

Create a new FirebaseAuthUI instance:

```
   FirebaseUIAuth.initialise({
      "providers": ["GOOGLE", "FACEBOOK", "EMAIL"],
      "tosUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/terms.html",
      "privacyPolicyUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/privacy.html",
      "theme" : "themeName",
      "logo" : "logoName",
      "uiElement" : "mywebelement",
      "anonymous" : true|false,
      "smartLockEnabled" : true|false,
      "smartLockHints" : true|false
    }).then(function(firebaseUIAuth) {
      myfirebaseUIAuthInstance = firebaseUIAuth;
    });
```

This is initialised as a Promise to allow the Browser implementation to dynamically add a reference to the FirestoreUI Javascript SDK.

Not all of the above options will function on all platforms:

- providers: a list of authentication providers to use
- tosUrl: a terms of services URL when signing up via email
- privacyPolicyUrl: a privacy policy URL - Android only
- theme: a theme identifier for styling - Android only
- logo: a logo to display - Android only
- uiElement: a jQuery selector for web login - Web only
- anonymous : if true log in an anonymous user if other attempts fail (default false)
- smartLockEnabled : enable SmartLock to store credentials - Android only (default true)
- smartLockHints : enable SmartLock hints - Android only (default false)

## Browser configuration
In order for the above initialisation to work on a browser you need to include some extra configuration in the form of the `browser` section show below:

```
FirebaseUIAuth.initialise({
   "providers": ["GOOGLE", "FACEBOOK", "EMAIL", "ANONYMOUS"],
   "tosUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/terms.html",
   "privacyPolicyUrl" : "http://www.myapp.co.uk/privacy.html",
   "theme" : "themeName",
   "logo" : "logoName",
   "uiElement" : "mywebelement",
   "anonymous" : true|false,
   "smartLockEnabled" : true|false,
   "smartLockHints" : true|false,
   "browser" : {
     apiKey: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx',
     authDomain: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx.firebaseapp.com',
     projectId: 'xxxxxxxxxxxxx',
   }
 }).then(function(firebaseUIAuth) {
   myfirebaseUIAuthInstance = firebaseUIAuth;
 });
```

# Methods
## signInAnonymously()
Call this to sign in anonymously.

## signIn()
Call this to start the sign in process based on the above configuration. This can raise the following events:

### signinsuccess
The user has signed in successfully. The following data is returned:

```
{
  name: 'user display name',
  email: 'user email',
  emailVerified: true | false,
  photoUrl: 'url of user image if available',
  id: <user id>,
  newUser: true | false
}
```

### signinfailure
Sign in failed for some reason. The following is returned:

```
{
  code: <failure code>,
  message: 'failure message'
}
```

## signinaborted
Sign in has been aborted by the user, by closing the sign in window.

## signOut()
Sign the current user out of the application. This can raise the following events:

### signoutsuccess
The user has signed out successfully.

### signoutfailure
Sign out failed for some reason.

## getToken()
Get an access token, returning a Promise.

## getCurrentUser()
Get the currently signed in user.

## deleteUser()
Delete the current user. This can raise the following events:

### deleteusersuccess
The user was deleted successfully.

### deleteuserfailure
The user was not deleted.

## sendEmailVerification()
Sends a verification email for the current user. This can raise the following events:

### emailverificationsent
The email verification was sent.

### emailverificationnotsent
The email verification was not sent.

## reloadUser
Reloads user details. Useful after a verification link has been used. A signinsuccess event will be raised.

# What platform configuration is carried out?
For iOS and Android a number of platform files are added or updated based on the supplied configuration.

## Android

`res/values/strings.xml`
This has the following added:

- facebook_application_id
- facebook_login_protocol_scheme

`res/values/color.xml`
This is either created or updated with the colour definitions supplied.

`res/values/styles.xml`
This is either created or updated with a style that uses the above colour definitions.

## iOS

`*-Info.plist`

The following keys are added:

```
<key>CFBundleURLTypes</key>
<array>
  <dict>
    <key>CFBundleTypeRole</key>
    <string>Editor</string>
    <key>CFBundleURLName</key>
    <string>REVERSED_CLIENT_ID</string>
    <key>CFBundleURLSchemes</key>
    <array>
      <string>$REVERSED_CLIENT_ID</string>
    </array>
    <key>CFBundleTypeRole</key>
    <string>Editor</string>
    <key>CFBundleURLName</key>
    <string></string>
    <key>CFBundleURLSchemes</key>
    <array>
      <string>fb$FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID</string>
    </array>
  </dict>
</array>
<key>FacebookAppID</key>
<string>$FACEBOOK_APPLICATION_ID</string>
<key>FacebookDisplayName</key>
<string>$FACEBOOK_DISPLAY_NAME</string>
<key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
<array>
  <string>fbapi</string>
  <string>fb-messenger-api</string>
  <string>fbauth2</string>
  <string>fbshareextensions</string>
</array>
```

# Browser security
In order to ensure the browser implementation works, it will be necessary to configure the Content-Security-Policy meta tag with something similar to the following:

```
<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'self' gap://ready file://* *;
                  style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'
                        https://*.gstatic.com
                        https://*.googleapis.com
                        https://*.firebase.com
                        https://*.firebaseio.com;
                  script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval'
                        https://*.gstatic.com
                        https://*.googleapis.com
                        https://*.google.com
                        https://*.firebase.com
                        https://*.firebaseio.com">
```

# History
## 1.3.0
- Disable Google auth for earlier than iOS 11 - seems to be an issue with FirebaseUI

## 1.2.0
- Add getCurrentUser()

## 1.1.0
- Update Firebase dependencies
- Fix podspec for cordova-ios 5

## 1.0.2
- Major Android dependency update to 4.2.1
- Breaking change around meaning of 'anonymous' configuration option
- Add support for ANONYMOUS provider (on Android)
- Attempted to handle merging of anonymous users
- Allowed iOS pods to use latest
- Android logo disabled due to possible bug in FirebaseUI

## 0.0.10
- Update JS Firebase dependencies

## 0.0.9
- Added missing documentation for deleteUser() method
- Added sendEmailVerification() method
- Added reloadUser() method
- Added property newUser to user details. Only true when user us first created.

## 0.0.8
- Update Android dependency versions
- Update iOS dependency versions
- Update plugin dependencies
- WARNING: The Android update may require you to update com.google.gms:google-services to 4.0.0, com.android.tools.build:gradle to 3.1.2 and gradle to 4.4.4 (look in platforms/android/cordova/lib/builders/GradleBuilder.js)

## 0.0.7
- Fix stupid cordova-android 7 detection

## 0.0.6
- Improve logging

## 0.0.5
- Change logo to be drawable rather than mipmap for Android
- Remove leaked (and now deleted) client id

## 0.0.4
- Experimental support for cordova-android 7
- Increased dependency versions

## 0.0.3
- Remove Java 7 dependency

## 0.0.2
- Update README
- Add grunt to run jshint
- Fix some grunt warnings

## 0.0.1
- Initial release
